From Stardew Valley Wiki

## Contents

- 1 Footwear and Rings
  
  - 1.1 Footwear
  - 1.2 Rings
- 2 Gallery of Images

### Footwear and Rings

#### Footwear

Defense 

Image Name Description Defense Stat Bonus

Sneakers A little flimsy... but fashionable! 1

Leather Boots The leather is very supple. 1

Thermal Boots Designed with extreme weather in mind. 1

Genie Shoes A curious energy permeates the fabric. 1

Work Boots Steel-toed for extra protection. 2

Leprechaun Shoes The buckle's made of solid gold. 2

Tundra Boots The fuzzy lining keeps your ankles so warm. 2

Cowboy Boots It's the height of country fashion. 2

Combat Boots Reinforced with iron mesh. 3

Firewalker Boots It's said these can withstand the hottest magma. 3

Dark Boots Made from thick black leather. 4

Emily's Magic Boots Made with love by Emily. 100% compostable! 4

Space Boots An iridium weave gives them a purple sheen. 4

Cinderclown Shoes These magic shoes belonged to a famous Dwarvish jester. 6

Mermaid Boots Mermaid scales gives these boots a protective aura. 5

Dragonscale Boots These shimmering boots are extremely tough. 7

Crystal Shoes These sparkling shoes will keep your feet very safe. 3

Immunity 

Image Name Description Immunity Stat Bonus

Leather Boots The leather is very supple. 1

Rubber Boots Protection from the elements. 1

Tundra Boots The fuzzy lining keeps your ankles so warm. 1

Thermal Boots Designed with extreme weather in mind. 2

Firewalker Boots It's said these can withstand the hottest magma. 3

Space Boots An iridium weave gives them a purple sheen. 4

Cowboy Boots It's the height of country fashion. 2

Dark Boots Made from thick black leather. 2

Genie Shoes A curious energy permeates the fabric. 6

Leprechaun Shoes The buckle's made of solid gold. 1

Emily's Magic Boots Made with love by Emily. 100% compostable! 4

Cinderclown Shoes These magic shoes belonged to a famous Dwarvish jester. 5

Mermaid Boots Mermaid scales gives these boots a protective aura. 8

Crystal Shoes These sparkling shoes will keep your feet very safe. 5

#### Rings

Attack 

Image Name Description Attack Stat Bonus

Iridium Band Glows, attracts items, and increases attack damage by 10%. 10%

Ruby Ring Increases attack by 10%. 10%

Defense 

Image Name Description Defense Stat Bonus

Crabshell Ring The top of the ring is made from enchanted crab shell. 5

Immunity 

Image Name Description Immunity Stat Bonus

Immunity Band The top of the ring is made from enchanted purple wool. 4

Luck 

Image Name Description Luck Stat Bonus

Lucky Ring The lunar emblem is said to bring good luck to whoever wears it. 1

Magnetism 

Image Name Description Magnetism Stat Bonus

Small Magnet Ring Slightly increases your radius for collecting items. 1

Magnet Ring Increases your radius for collecting items. 2

Glowstone Ring Emits a constant light, and also increases your radius for collecting items. 2

Iridium Band Glows, attracts items, and increases attack damage by 10%. 2

### Gallery of Images

- Gold Node
- Stardrop Tea
- Treasure Totem
- Red Fireworks
- Purple Fireworks
- Green Fireworks

Retrieved from "https://stardewvalleywiki.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=User:9000&amp;oldid=167527"